Update README.md (#81)
reichlab/covidData: README.md

Note: If you want to only download the most recent JHU data files, for step 2. instead run `make recent_data`

## manual installation

> If make does not work for you, you may run the following steps by hand. To update the data, please run `R CMD INSTALL covidData` from the terminal once you have cloned the repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If make does not work for you, you may run the following steps by hand. To update the data, please:

1. Clone the repository. If you have previously installed covidData from an existing local clone, pull any updates to the package by running `git pull origin master` from the terminal, with the repository folder as your working directory.
1. Run `R CMD INSTALL covidData` from the terminal
```
